# Meeting Notes
In this file, you are required to take notes for your weekly meetings. 
In each meeting, you are required to discuss:

1. What each member has done during the week?
2. Are there challenges or problems? Discuss the possible solutions
3. Plan for the next week for everyone
4. Deviations and changes to the project plan, if any


# Meeting 15.11.2022 16:00

**Participants**: 
1. Heikki Penttinen
2. Alex Lietsala
3. Jussi Lehtonen
4. Member 4 

## Summary of works
1. Heikki Penttinen 
   
   Implementing the classes Car, Item, Banana, and Tile. No testing yet.

2. Alex Lietsala
   
   Worked on trying to get SFML library to work, so far unsuccessful. Will try and get it working early this week so that I can start working on the class main.
   
3. Jussi Lehtonen

   Implementing Map class.

## Challenges

1. Challenge is working with the SFML library

## Actions
1. Heikki Penttinen is going to implement the 2DBox physics and positioning. 
2. Alex Lietsala is going to look into getting SFML to work, and get the basics of class main ready.
3. Jussi Lehtonen is going to implement Map further and make a level file for testing.
4. Member 3 is going to use ...

> Please reflect these action decisions in your git commit messages so that 
> your group members and advisor can follow the progress.

## Project status 
No compiling code, 4 classes almost ready

### TODOs
1. Member 1: Write an action.
2. ...
